A1: So, here's the thing. We watched the storm moving in all of last weekend on the Weather Channel and local news.
B1: Yeah, we went to Home Depot just in the nick of time to purchase a portable generator.
A2: We filled up our three SUVs and we filled up five five-gallon containers of gasoline.
B2: We purchased supplies to last us a few days.
A3: Since we live about 60 miles from the coast, we wasn't expecting too much damage.
B3: The storm rolled in on Monday, September 1, in the morning.
A4: Uh huh, the storm rolled in. Power went out about 11:00am.
B4: Winds started kicking up.
A5: Wasn't there something more about the winds?
B5: We were told our area would get winds of about 50mph.
A6: Right! We live in an area where there are lots of large pine and oak trees.
B6: About 12:30pm, we was standing on our back patio when we watched a large tree split in two and fall in our neighbor's yard.
A7: Yeah, we started to get nervous at that point because we have numerous trees near our home and we was concerned that if those fell, it would cause serious damage to our home and perhaps to our family.
B7: The home... I'm not remembering the next part, keep going.
A8: Our wife, our five children, and our dog, stayed in an area of the home where we felt safest.
B8: Right! We heard a large crash.
A9: We looked out our front window and saw that a tree from our across-the-street neighbor's house had fallen on top of another neighbor's RV.
B9: Trees were dropping all around us.
A10: Yeah, another tree fell on our riding lawn mower and our golf cart.
B10: Uh huh, a tree fell on our riding lawn mower. No trees fell on our house.
A11: Many of our neighbors were not so fortunate.
B11: President Bush came to Baton Rouge yesterday to assess the damage.
A12: We have three good friends on Governor Jindal's cabinet and we know that they are doing a super job bringing things back to order.
B12: Yeah, it's been three days since the storm and we still do not have electricity -
A13: But that is expected given all the downed power lines.
B13: Unfortunately, our brand new generator does not work - we brought it in for repair.
A14: Thankfully, our parents' house had electricity restored the day after the storm so we was able to bring our family to their house until electricity at our house gets restored.
B14: There are downed trees and power lines all over the city.
